thank you for joining us in this video
we will present a flat renovation
project carried out by Sigma builders in
West London the aim was to completely
revamp this rundown property and create
a modern functional home for a young
couple this video will demonstrate how
this ex Council flat was turned into a
luxury apartment situated in London's
maida vale district first the flat was
completely gutted the layout of the
rooms was reconfigured in order to
create a living area that is comfortable
enjoyable while simultaneously
maximizing space partition walls were
knocked out to enlarge the bathroom in
kitchen a new toilet was also added 3d
model of the kitchen was built so that
we could maximize on space by pre
visualizing the room and making sure
that it matched the clients expectations
in advance the kitchen is simple but
well designed the sink has plenty of
space for preparing food an extra room
was allocated for a rectangular dining
table to be put next to the wall
suspended ceilings were installed to
create extra space for spotlight which
were then placed above them and the
floor heating was fitted to ensure that
the flat is always warm and cozy modern
kitchen appliances were concealed inside
the base cabinets to create a seamless
high-gloss surface throughout our client
had originally planned to have an
entirely white space in the living room
but later decided to go ahead with the
idea of decorating one of the walls with
the latest brown leather wallpaper
effect in the living room and other
bedrooms
we laid antique oak flooring storage
cabinets and shelves were designed and
constructed inside chimney alcoves our
clients opted on a high-tech smart house
so that they could control the music
heating lights and TV from an iPhone if
you are looking for a dedicated team of
builders and architects to carry out
your flat renovation then give us a call
right now for professional advice and a
free quotation